Martinh/portal faqs (#469)
wormhole-foundation/wormhole-docs: products/token-bridge/portal/faqs.md

---
title: Portal Bridge FAQs
description: Learn how to use deep-linking on Portal Bridge and send tokens to any wallet address with simple URL parameters and custom recipient fields.
categories: Token-Bridge, Transfer
---

# FAQs

## How do I use deep-linking with Portal?

You can create a direct link to pre-fill chain and asset selections on [Portal Bridge](https://portalbridge.com){target=\_blank} using URL parameters.

| Parameter     | Description                                                |
|---------------|------------------------------------------------------------|
| `sourceChain` | A source chain that will be pre-selected                   |
| `targetChain` | A target chain that will be pre-selected                   |
| `asset`       | The asset key on the source chain (e.g., SOL, USDC, etc.)  |
| `targetAsset` | The asset key on the destination chain                     |

Example:

```bash

> https://portalbridge.com/?sourceChain=solana&targetChain=ethereum&asset=SOL&targetAsset=WSOL

Reviewer: This is actually pretty cool! I didn't know this was a thing.

```

This link will open Portal with:
 
 - **`sourceChain`** pre-selected as `solana`
 - **`targetChain`** pre-selected as `ethereum`
 - **`asset`** pre-selected as `SOL`
 - **`targetAsset`** pre-selected as `WSOL`

!!! note
    For [**NTT tokens**](/docs/products/native-token-transfers/overview/){target=\_blank}, you can define just one asset if the same token exists across chains.

    Example: [https://portalbridge.com/?sourceChain=ethereum&targetChain=solana&asset=W](https://portalbridge.com/?sourceChain=ethereum&targetChain=solana&asset=W){target=\_blank}

> ## What does the "Send to a wallet address" field do?

Reviewer: @eshaben I could use a second opinion on styling/formatting here. Usually, we would bold an actual UI element, but this is already in bold cuz it's a heading.  Should we use double or single quotes or none at all?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I think it's fine the way it is now 🤷‍♀️

After selecting your tokens and connecting your source wallet on [Portal](https://portalbridge.com/){target=\_blank}, you'll be prompted to connect your destination wallet. At this step, alongside wallet options like MetaMask or Phantom, you'll also see an option labeled "Send to a wallet address".

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> This allows you to enter any wallet address as the recipient, rather than connecting a destination wallet. This option will enable you to send tokens to a predefined recipient, such as a team wallet, treasury address, or cold storage wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flexibility allows you to enter any wallet address as the recipient rather than connecting a destination wallet, enabling you to send tokens to a predefined recipient, such as a team wallet, treasury address, or cold storage wallet.
```

I'm trying to suggest this be added to the paragraph rather than standing alone but I'm not sure if I got all the deletes right in here.
